c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.exe
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.deps.json
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.pdb
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingC.BF9727AC.Up2Date
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\JumpingCube.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.pdb
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\JumpingCube.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\JumpingCube.dll
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Cube.xnb
c:\Users\ArPaVa\Documents\VS Code\JumpingCube_MonoGame\JumpingCube\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Rectangle.xnb
